Small fixes on README content (#2)
helsing-ai/talks: README.md

# Helsing talks

This repository contains materials for select presentations or workshops given
by Helsing at various events and conferences.

Note: Some materials are written in Markdown format for [Deckset](https://www.deckset.com/).

## Materials

We believe in the power of knowledge sharing and continuous learning. This
repository was created to provide a central location for talks and presentations

> our team has delivered. Whether you missed a talk or want to revisit the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Helsing has delivered. Whether you missed a talk or want to revisit the
```
